Add Developer Guides, replace internal.md, CONTRIBUTING.md (#625)
rapidsai/cuspatial: docs/source/developer_guide/contributing_guide.md

> # How to Contribute

Author: In the long run, I would hope the sphinx doc will become the joint entry point for both c++ and python docs. cudf/#11481 outlines this. For now what you suggested above makes sense.

This documentation provides high-level overview of contributing to cuspatial.

`cuSpatial` is a part of the RAPIDS community.
Developers should follow the same guidelines that applies to RAPIDS when contributing to cuspatial.
RAPIDS [contributing section](https://docs.rapids.ai/contributing) walks through the process of identifying an issue,
submit and merging a PR.

> ## Directory structure and file naming

Reviewer: To match the C++ guide, this fits better in something called a Developer Guide, IMO.

1. A `pxd` file declaring C++ APIs so that they may be used in Cython, and
2. A `pyx` file containing Cython functions that wrap those C++ APIs so that they can be called from Python.

`pyx` files are organized under the root of `_lib`. `pxd` files are under `_lib/cpp`.
`pxd` files should mirror the file hierarchy as `cpp/include` in `libcuspatial.

For more information see [our Cython layer design documentation](./library_design.md#cython-layer).

## Code style

cuSpatial employs a number of linters to ensure consistent style across the code base.
We manage our linters using [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/).
Developers are strongly recommended to set up `pre-commit` prior to any development.
The `.pre-commit-config.yaml` file at the root of the repo is the primary source of truth linting.

To install pre-commit, install via conda/pip:

```bash
# conda
conda install -c conda-forge pre-commit
```
```bash
# pip
pip install pre-commit
```

Then run pre-commit hooks before committing code:
```bash
pre-commit run
```

Optionally, you may set up the pre-commit hooks to run automatically when you make a git commit. This can be done by running:

```bash

> pre-commit install

Author: Yes it does.

> Optionally, you may set up the pre-commit hooks to run automatically when you make a git commit. This can be done by running:
> 
> ```bash
> pre-commit install

Author: ```suggestion
Optionally, you may set up the pre-commit hooks to run automatically when you make a git commit. This can be done by running the following command in cuspatial repository:

```bash
pre-commit install
```
